OK so I'm going to go to the letter that yes I'm going to delete what we did because we didn't we actually
needed.
So I'm going to go and delete the div and just leave the hetter component just as it is.
We have the onchange and we are setting the state keyboard's just leave it at that.
Now I see Ossa course resource.
I've added a file so you can download is going to be adjacent file and we can use this as a database
to render news.
Now in the future if you're going to make the API calls real API calls we're not going to use a David
that Jasen be going to use something else.
But for now this is just as good as it gets.
I gave you just download the DVD Jason and put it inside the source folder right here.
David Jason inside source.
Now what we need to do and I'm going to go.
Just going to close this for now and go to the index that is.
So we need to load the up whenever the application loads we are this is the first component that we
can load the app component.
Now what we need to do we need to fetch the news fetch the Jason database and we need to set a state
with adjacent database and then from the state we need to pass the database to the list that it's going
to be rendered right here now right here.
Well we have a tiny problem.
We need to convert this to to a class based component so we can use the state.
So are we going to do some refactoring right here.
I'm going to go first I'm going to import the Jason files so we can use it on the state.
So I'm going to say import I'm going to give it a name of Jason.
Now whenever you do an import this name is going to be whatever name you can put whatever right here.
It doesn't matter.
And javascript is five is going to create a constant with this value.
So if I do Jason from and then it's going to be dot for Slash D-B that Jason this is just like doing
Konst Jason equals to whatever we are fetching.
All right.
So OK so we import Jason right here it's giving us an error message.
It's just a warning actually Jason is defined but never used.
Remember we cannot have marbles that are not used in react.
So just to make sure I'm getting the file correctly.
I'm going to say cancel Don's log and inside the console log.
I'm just going to output the Jason and whenever.
OK so I'm getting to Jason.
Let's get right here.
So we need to convert this this app component from a statelets component from a functional component
to a class based components.
OK.
So the first thing we need to do whenever we did this we do this we need to bring a component from react.
So I'm going to go here I'm going to say components just like that component.
Right.
OK.
So I'm going to just delete this and I'm going to just create a class.
I'm going to say class and it's going to be app and then it's going to be extents just like it did before
components.
Right.
So now we have our class.
Now we're here to render something.
So we use the render method it's render then parenthesis.
And inside the curly braces we want to return something.
So we're going to say return and inside the returns you want.
We want to return a multi-line elements.
We do parenthesis and inside the parenthesis we're going to do all the GSX.
So OK.
Now first we need to return the header.
So I'm going to say Dev because we need to put everything inside just one element and mine it's going
to be a div.
You could have a span or whatever.
And inside here I'm going to just return the header we have right here are header and when ever the
application loads it's just going to work.
We still have the Jason.
So now what do we need to do is we need to create a constructor with a super and the props and set a
new state.
OK.
So I'm going to go over here and we know this.
Can you say constructor just like we did before.
Can it create it and pass the prompts.
All right.
Inside here I'm going to call the super good.
Kind of don't need this but that's fine.
So I'm going to say this that state equals to news.
My mind is going to be news.
You can choose whatever name you want for here.
And this is going to be equal to Jason but so we get no errors.
So that is good.
So when the OP starts we going to get this rendered with.
And then of course he's going to do the Fadge he's going to bring all the files we already have right
here and the state of news is going to be equal to the Jason we have right here.
So now what we need to do we need to create.
We need to import the news list to this.
This indicates that James and from here we're going to fetch the import and we can pass it just like
with it we'd better.
We're going to do something like newsiest an inside news list right here as a prop you can begin to
pass all the information we have right here in the state we're going to pass to state that is going
to do something like this.
So let's go to the next lecture and make this work.